---
layout: post
title:  "Noodles in College First Blog (Test)"
date:   2016-11-02 09:32:03 -0800
comments: true
tags:
- programming
- life
- test
---

This is a test blog post!

The Outsiders is about two weeks in the life of a 14-year-old boy. The novel tells the story of Ponyboy Curtis and his struggles with right and wrong in a society in which he believes that he is an outsider.

Ponyboy and his two brothers — Darrel (Darry), who is 20, and Sodapop, who is 16 — have recently lost their parents in an automobile accident. Pony and Soda are allowed to stay under Darry's guardianship as long as they all behave themselves. The boys are greasers, a class term that refers to the young men on the East Side, the poor side of town. The greasers' rivals are the Socs, short for Socials, who are the "West-side rich kids."

The story opens with Pony walking home alone from a movie; he is stopped by a gang of Socs who proceed to beat him up. The Socs badly injure and threaten to kill Ponyboy; however, some of his gang happen upon the scene and run the Socs off. This incident sets the tone for the rest of the story, because the event tells the reader that a fight between these two groups needs no provocation.

The next night Pony and two other gang members, Dallas Winston (Dally) and Johnny Cade, go to a drive-in movie. There they meet Sherri (Cherry) Valance and her friend Marcia, who have left their Soc boyfriends at the drive-in because the boys were drinking. Dally leaves after giving the girls a hard time, but another greaser, Two-Bit Mathews, joins Pony and Johnny. The boys offer to walk the girls home after the movie, but along the way, the girls' boyfriends reappear and threaten to fight the greasers. Cherry stops the fight from happening, and the girls leave with their boyfriends.

Pony and Johnny go to a vacant lot to hang out before heading home. They fall asleep, and when Johnny wakes Pony up it's 2 a.m. Pony runs home, because the time is way past his curfew, and Darry is waiting up. Darry is furious with Pony and, in the heat of the moment, he hits him. Pony runs out of the house and returns to the lot to find Johnny. Pony wants to run away, but instead they go to the park to cool off before heading back home.

At the park, Cherry's and Marcia's boyfriends reappear. Pony and Johnny are outnumbered, and the Socs grab Ponyboy and shove him face first into the fountain, holding his head under the water. Realizing that Ponyboy is drowning, Johnny panics, pulls his switchblade, and kills the Soc, Bob.

Ponyboy and Johnny seek out Dally for help in running away to avoid being arrested for Bob's murder. He gives them $50 and directions to a hideout outside of town. The boys hop a freight train and find the hideout where they are to wait until Dally comes for them. Hiding in an abandoned, rural church, they feel like real outsiders, with their greased, long hair and general hoody appearance. They both cut their hair, and Pony colors his for a disguise. They pass the time in the church playing cards and reading aloud from Gone with the Wind.

Dally shows up after a week, and takes them to the Dairy Queen in Windrixville. Thanks to Dally, the police think that the boys are headed for Texas. Dally also brings them the news that Cherry Valance is now being a spy for the greasers, and helping them out against the Socs. She has also testified that Bob was drunk the night of his death and that she was sure that the killing had been in self-defense.

Johnny decides that he has a chance now, and announces that he wants to turn himself in. They head back to the church and discover that it is on fire. A school group is there, apparently on some kind of outing, and little kids are trapped inside. Without thinking, Pony and Johnny race inside and rescue the kids. As they are handing the kids outside to Dally, the burning roof collapses. Pony barely escapes, but a piece of timber falls on Johnny, burning him badly and breaking his back. The boys, now viewed as heroes, are taken via ambulance back to town, where Pony reunites with his brothers.

Johnny dies of his injuries. Dally is overcome with grief, and he robs a grocery store. He flees the police and calls the gang from a telephone booth, asking them to pick him up in the vacant lot and take him to a hiding place. The police chase Dally to the lot, and as the gang watches, Dally pulls a "black object" from his waistband and the officers shoot him.

The senselessness of all the violent events traumatizes Pony, but he deals with his grief and frustration by writing this book for all of the "Dallys" in the world.

I’m a happy person. Here’s my secret: Every day I anticipate things will go horribly wrong, and when they don’t I am surprised, grateful and a little bit elated. For example, today I don’t have a brain tumor! My children can be obnoxious, but they’re not (as far as I know) plotting ways to trigger my life insurance policy! There’s always tomorrow, of course, but right now things look good. I’m the Queen of Low Expectations, and proud of it.

Many of us seem to want much, much more, and the distance between reality and our expectations is making us miserable. So we live in a state of perpetual disappointment, ping-ponging between wild self-blame (“Everyone loves being home with their infant, except me!”) and virulent finger-pointing (“If my parents just gave me a million for my emu farm, I wouldn’t be living in their basement”). If you search for “books on happiness” on Amazon, you get around 17,000 results. That’s a lot of happy happy joy joy. And I have to say — and this is just a guess — there are probably not a lot of these books published in Somalia. Worrying about happiness is a luxury.

For one thing, becoming happier can be a little time-consuming, so I appreciate books that are (a) basically lists, and (b) basically short lists. Rachel Kelly’s WALKING ON SUNSHINE: 52 Small Steps to Happiness (Atria, $18) falls neatly into this category. It is organized seasonally, since it is based on how the author brought pleasure into her life over the course of one year. Kelly has a history of clinical depression; and while I might not entirely subscribe to her notion that happiness is a byproduct of calm — if I’m not worried, I don’t feel alive — I do think that for those who believe it is, she has some excellent ideas. Take, for example, “habit tacking”: Here, you connect something you want to work into your life with something you already do and love. For Kelly, who loved good coffee, this meant that she got herself to exercise more by biking to her favorite coffee place, and stopping for a cup of joe. This might not work as well if she biked to, say, a crack den, but her point is well taken: “Rather than having to magically transform yourself into the kind of person who always exercises enough, you become that person by building the activity into your pre-existing routine.” It’s also hard to argue with a woman who proposes poetry as a means toward calm, and therefore happiness. She quotes Yeats’s “The Lake Isle of Innisfree”: “And live alone in the bee-loud glade. . . .” Try it. I took my blood pressure before and after. It dropped.


Lisa Sugar, the founder of the pop-culture/shopping site PopSugar, has a decidedly different approach to happiness: Become Lisa Sugar.

I admit I immediately distrusted POWER YOUR HAPPY: Work Hard, Play Nice, and Build Your Dream Life (Dutton, $25), because Sugar said she created her business after realizing she “loved” writing “all day.” Anybody who makes this claim is either lying or doing what Truman Capote accused Jack Kerouac of — not so much writing as typing. Sugar’s advice includes things like learn “to love yourself” and “strive to find the beauty in everyone.” Okey-dokey. The author had great parents who always made her feel loved, a husband she met her first week of college who is the “M.V.P.” in her life, and charming kids; even though she loves sugar, she naturally prefers healthier versions of foods without even knowing they are healthier. She did have struggles, though. Her breasts didn’t grow until college, and to this day she can’t get rid of the frizz in her hair without lots and lots of product. She says she could write a book about this. I have a terrible feeling she will.

It’s O.K. to write a promotional book about your business under the guise of self-help as long as you don’t make your readers feel like shooting themselves. Lauren Greutman and her THE RECOVERING SPENDER: How to Live a Happy, Fulfilled, Debt-Free Life (Center Street, paper, $14.99), has done just that. Greutman, who runs a site dedicated to helping those who are in over their heads, has taken Mr. Micawber’s famous advice on happiness to heart: “Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery.”

She is particularly endearing because she admits to doing such stupid stuff. Selling all her textbooks the first semester of college so that she could fund the little extras, and ignoring plummeting grades? Yes. Shoplifting as a teenager, until her mother busted her, because she always had expensive tastes? Yup. Getting friends to buy product for her “multilevel marketing business,” while covering the cost of the product herself so that she could look like a hotshot recruiter? Well, sure. Greutman was 40K in debt with no end in sight, when she had a miscarriage. That gave her pause. She already had a child, and she realized if she wanted a bigger family she had to pay for it. So she set about changing her life.

There is all the usual advice about prioritizing debt and scissoring credit cards, but even for those of us who are not compulsive spenders, there are some helpful tidbits. For example, I never realized there are so many places online to sell the useless junk I’ve accumulated. I have never straightened my own hair, so why do I own three hair straighteners? A crock pot just arrived, for all those tasty dinners I’ll come home to after a hard day at the office, although I don’t go to an office and in fact barely leave my house. Here is the violin I bought. No one in my family plays violin. Greutman made me capable of saying goodbye to my dreams of being a domestic goddess with straight hair and a concert career ahead of her. Facebook’s buy-sell page is my best friend — and that has added to my peace of mind.

I had to get past my disdain for potty-mouth-as-marketing-tool to open THE SUBTLE ART OF NOT GIVING A ____: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life (HarperOne/HarperCollins, $24.99), by Mark Manson, and I’m glad I did. How could I hate any book that cites Charles Bukowski as its inspiration? Manson’s website has a great appeal to millennials, and it’s easy to see why: It’s inspiration for the Irony Generation. Striving for happiness all the time, he says, and comparing our state to others, is precisely the reason we’re not happy. And social media exacerbates this current malaise. If you feel terrible “for even five minutes, you’re bombarded with 350 images of people totally happy and having amazing . . . lives, and it’s impossible to not feel like there’s something wrong with you.”

While I could do without the barrage of F-bombs on every page, the counterintuitive approach to happiness makes sense to me. Negative emotions, far from being denied or glossed over, are a call to action. We feel bad, we do something about it — and feeling good is our reward. “To deny one’s negative emotions is to deny many of the feedback mechanisms that help a person solve problems,” he writes.

Manson devotes a lot of time to explaining what a jerk he was while growing up, and how his screw-ups ultimately compelled him to be a better person — which made him a happier person. Happier, not deliriously happy. “The Subtle Art” is not so much about finding happiness as about finding adulthood — which is not so terrible, when you think about it.

